[Pub/sub] Quickstarts & TOC restructure (#2215)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/getting-started/get-started-api.md

title: "Use the Dapr API"
linkTitle: "Use the Dapr API"
weight: 30
description: "Run a Dapr sidecar and try out the state API"
---

> Running [`dapr init`]({{<ref install-dapr-selfhost.md>}}) loads your local environment with:

Reviewer: This is *so* much clearer than previous paragraph.  thank you!

- The Dapr sidecar binaries.
- Default Redis component definitions for both:
  - State management, and
  - A message broker.

> With this setup, you can run a Dapr sidecar with the Dapr CLI and try out the state API to store and retrieve a state. [Learn more about the state building block and how it works in our concept docs]({{< ref state-management >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this setup, you run Dapr using the Dapr CLI and try out the state API to store and retrieve a state. [Learn more about the state building block and how it works in our concept docs]({{< ref state-management >}}).
```
I think we often just say running Dapr unless we really need to talk about the sidecar architecture.  Also, I think we should use present tense and confident wording as consistently possible.  "you can run" or "you will run" changes to "you run".

In this guide, you will simulate an application by running the sidecar and calling the API directly. For the purpose of this tutorial you'll run the sidecar without an application.

### Step 1: Run the Dapr sidecar

One of the most useful Dapr CLI commands is [`dapr run`]({{< ref dapr-run.md >}}). This command launches an application, together with a sidecar. 

Launch a Dapr sidecar that will listen on port 3500 for a blank application named `myapp`:

```bash
dapr run --app-id myapp --dapr-http-port 3500
```

Since no custom component folder was defined with the above command, Dapr uses the default component definitions created during the [`dapr init` flow]({{< ref install-dapr-selfhost.md >}}), found:

- On Windows, under `%UserProfile%\.dapr\components`
- On Linux/MacOS, under `~/.dapr/components`

> These tell Dapr to use the local Redis Docker container as a state store and message broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These tell Dapr to use the local Docker container for Redis as a state store and message broker.
```
